# Checkpoint 1
Changing from our initial project plan, we are going to find potential planet candidates from the corresponding lught curves found on MAST. To do this, we have imported tables to eventually join them to create a better data set for analysis. Bill and I are still figuring out which models we are going to fit the data with, but we are going to include one or two linear relationships of some kind. For the second table, the initial code has been very slightly modified. We changed the second part of the lk.search_result code to use the sector instead of the author. 

# Checkpoint 2
Currently we are still trying to figure out how to get the user to select the data but we have a few more ideas and understand how to implement them once we figure it out. The goal is for the user to select a TIC number and have the program plot the data with the simple BoxLeastSquares model and the Limb Darkening model. We added a section that gives descriptions of the data and another that splits the data into real and string numbers in order to inspect the data more. We were not too sure however how to show that a data point needs to be flagged for error. Next we were able to plot the lightcurve data onto a graph but we still have to figure out how to plot the simple robust model onto the graph, however we now have the paramaters for the best fit model that we can use. For the Limb Darkening model, we were able to download the package used and create a code that plots the data, however the code is not running because of an error with one of the functions that we defined at the bottom of the code and we are not sure why the error is occuring. Since this kind of model is heavily depndent on vetting, I think most of the model assement is based on humans however I think a good plan would be to find the error of each of the data points to the best fit line, and show a chi squared goodness of fit test or something similar in order to get a number for how good of a fit it is. At this point, we are planning that by Friday, we are able to successfully allow the user to choose what they want to see as well as point out any errors in the data. After that, we are hoping to be able to plot each of the best fit models to our data and show how good of a model it is by next Wednesday. Then hopefully we would at that point be able to have the project ready for submission.
